hello people and welcome for
this little cover with the small
Number 75 should be there I have yes
quasi events I almost have her
I promised in the last video
a kind in between update after in the
next few days I will meet four
or something like that already a bit
late is now only a short info
should
so no one wonders I'm leaving now
on class trip from tomorrow and has
he did not make video yet
make short status update what now
So has not happened has
heat wave has a bit
surprised almost the last time again
Nobody yet it said in cannes
we hope I have got used to it
is still the time so I have
made some as I said the though
not a bit surprised though
nevertheless basis so far it's my turn
still I have now that the
goals of the first floor sinti families
room here
he just has to paper
reinsetzen extra and then
the roof comes on it and then comes one
second floor on it and at the stop
yet another ladder build so to transition
to the roof because for me I have to too
again the team demonstrated
Wahlleiter and yes maybe not
more so much and stop by on that
Battlefield Battlefield Durable
but I still miss the ghost the
I do not need that anymore
come through so it's anyway
not so bad
otherwise as I said I want to
class ride means then they will be like that
can the videos come that is clear though
it does not come the story
that I say I'm fast
explains also quickly realize that
here also no comments answer
can be called as I said if you
have questions I have them
straps as I said a spoiled 45
days have so far an answer
and yes that was it
almost
I guess I do not have this anymore
much to say as I said before
someone is surprised yes I know that provides
not great and the lift everything
So lying around that works even better that
now stop only I'm already
often kicked the foot
alone I think it is coming
the base is the way to the base
and I 'm already more after him
but kicked something in a wise way
build because the know that mox 520
plates are big around the base
I'll get some mountains there as well
hard from then on the basis run is called me
had to try this from the front here
I was just then kicked
already built from it before me
now it was her
so you also have advantages
Relatively new in the last few days and
more as I said that is not yet
perfect i will be a little bit more
makes better there but already sees that
we there already not that some
put as for example because they are short
that fire jet out of here
come and that's nice you can
to do a lot with these advantages
one because right here
Unfortunately you do not see this focused
but this thing is there in the end
is relatively convenient you can still
relatively often around oral cities therefore
it is quite good
yes i would say thank you for watching
how will see us in a few days
thanks again for watching
and see you next time